I will not deny Basque is mine or that
doll and ramon
oh my, guys the island was squash and
to demonstrate the battle of
that the battle is still in this
it's simple no difficulty battle of
footwork then what the tapioca do
encouragement can do can do drugs
You can do whatever you want, but let's go.
working only subtle is the
button here in rio grande do sul
bringing a little cold 4 ° there today
so make a video in-house on
And here is my house, okay?
I'll put the little sound here for you.
listen and let's go there
to the future that in this band of
quest guilds
This was the soccer battle that these
years next to you minute duration
post on youtube and do not leave in
wall of the page to continue in
expansion
hug
ae